# ApiIncomesBody

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**link** | **string** | The &#x60;link.id&#x60; that you want to get information for. | 
**allowed_income_types** | **string[]** | The categories of the incomes you want to get information for. | [optional] 
**minimum_confidence_level** | **string** | The minimum confidence level of the incomes you want to get information for.  You can send through one of the following values:    - &#x60;HIGH&#x60;   - &#x60;MEDIUM&#x60;   - &#x60;LOW&#x60; | [optional] 
**date_from** | **string** | The date from which you want to start getting incomes for, in &#x60;YYYY-MM-DD&#x60; format, within the last 365 days. When you use this parameter, you must also send &#x60;date_to&#x60;.   ⚠️ You must have at least 90 days between &#x60;date_from&#x60; and &#x60;date_to&#x60;.   ⚠️ The value of &#x60;date_from&#x60; cannot be greater than &#x60;date_to&#x60;. | [optional] 
**date_to** | **string** | The date you want to stop getting incomes for, in &#x60;YYYY-MM-DD&#x60; format, within the last 365 days. When you use this parameter, you must also send &#x60;date_from&#x60;.   ⚠️ You must have at least 90 days between &#x60;date_from&#x60; and &#x60;date_to&#x60;.   ⚠️ The value of &#x60;date_to&#x60; cannot be greater than today&#x27;s date (in other words, no future dates). | [optional] 
**token** | **string** | The OTP token generated by the bank. | [optional] 
**save_data** | **bool** | Indicates whether or not to persist the data in Belvo. By default, this is set to &#x60;true&#x60; and we return a 201 Created response.  When set to &#x60;false&#x60;, the data won&#x27;t be persisted and we return a 200 OK response. | [optional] [default to true]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

