# LinksRequestEmploymentColombia

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**institution** | **string** | The Belvo name for the institution. For employment institutions in Colombia, you can select the following institutions:  - &#x60;pila_co_employment&#x60; | 
**username** | **string** | The user&#x27;s *Cédula de Ciudadanía* (ID) used to log in to the institution. | 
**external_id** | **string** | An additional identifier for the link, provided by you, to store in the Belvo database. **Cannot** include any Personal Identifiable Information (PII). **Must** be at least three characters long.   If we identify that the identifier contains PII, we will force a &#x60;null&#x60; value. For more information, see our [Link creation article](https://developers.belvo.com/docs/link-creation-best-practices#adding-your-own-identifier). | [optional] 
**access_mode** | **string** | The type of link to create.  - Use &#x60;single&#x60; to do ad hoc one-time POST requests for accounts, owners, and transactions. - Use &#x60;recurrent&#x60; to have Belvo access information on a recurrent basis so you always have fresh account, owner, balance, and transaction data.  For more information, see our [Links](https://developers.belvo.com/docs/links-and-institutions#links) article. | [optional] [default to 'recurrent']
**fetch_resources** | **string[]** | An array of resources that you would like to receive a historical update for.  For employment institutions, you can select the following resources:   - &#x60;OWNERS&#x60;   - &#x60;EMPLOYMENTS&#x60; | [optional] 
**credentials_storage** | **string** | Indicates whether or not to store credentials (and the duration for which to store the credentials).  - For recurrent links, this is set to &#x60;store&#x60; by default (and cannot be changed).  - For single links, this is set to &#x60;365d&#x60; by default.  Choose either:   - &#x60;store&#x60; to store credentials (until the link is deleted)   - &#x60;nostore&#x60; to not store credentials   -  Any value between &#x60;1d&#x60; and &#x60;365d&#x60; to indicate the number of days you want the credentials to be stored. | [optional] 
**stale_in** | **string** | Indicates how long any data should be stored in Belvo&#x27;s database for the link (both single and recurrent). For example, if you send through &#x60;90d&#x60;, Belvo will remove any data from its database relating to the user after 90 days.  &gt; **Note**: Belvo will only remove data for links that have not been updated in the period you provide in &#x60;stale_in&#x60;. &gt;  &gt; For example, if you set &#x60;stale_in&#x60; to &#x60;42d&#x60; and only request information once on that day, then Belvo will remove any data associated with the link after 42 days. However, if you make another request five days later, then Belvo will restart the day counter to that day.  By default Belvo stores user data for 365 days, unless the link is deleted. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

