# TransactionOpenFinanceBrazil

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **string** | Belvo&#x27;s unique identifier for the current item. | 
**internal_identification** | **string** | The institution&#x27;s internal identification for the transaction.  &gt; **Non-nullable:** A value must be returned by Brazil&#x27;s open finance network. | 
**account** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\AccountsOFDABrazil**](AccountsOFDABrazil.md) |  | 
**collected_at** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | The ISO-8601 timestamp when the data point was collected. | 
**created_at** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | The ISO-8601 timestamp of when the data point was created in Belvo&#x27;s database. | 
**value_date** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | The date when the transaction occurred, in &#x60;YYYY-MM-DD&#x60; format, in &#x60;YYYY-MM-DD&#x60; format.  &gt; **Non-nullable:** A value must be returned by Brazil&#x27;s open finance network. | 
**transacted_at** | [**\DateTime**](\DateTime.md) | The ISO-8601 timestamp of when the transaction occurred (in the UTC timezone).  &gt; **Note:** For transactions that occurred before 31.01.2024, the timestamp may only indicate the day (for example, &#x60;2016-01-29T00:00:00.000Z&#x60;). However, transactions that occurred after this date must include the date and time (&#x60;2024-02-20T12:29:03.374Z&#x60;).  &gt; **Institutions not abiding by this format:** &gt; Some institutions may not provide the exact time of the transaction. In this case, the timestamp will be set to &#x60;00:00:00.000Z&#x60;. &gt; Belvo has identified the following institutions as not abiding by the regulation and have raised the issue with regulators: Bradesco, Itau, and Sicoob.  &gt; **Non-nullable:** A value must be returned by Brazil&#x27;s open finance network for **credit card and checking account transactions**. | [optional] 
**accounting_date** | **string** | The date when the transaction was processed and accounted for by the institution, in &#x60;YYYY-MM-DD&#x60; format. &gt; **Non-nullable:** A value must be returned by Brazil&#x27;s open finance network for **credit card transactions**. | 
**amount** | **float** | The transaction amount. ℹ️ The amount displayed is always positive as we indicate the direction of the transaction in the &#x60;type&#x60; parameter. &gt; **Non-nullable:** A value must be returned by Brazil&#x27;s open finance network. | 
**local_currency_amount** | **float** | The value of the transaction in the local currency.  &gt; **Non-nullable:** A value must be returned by Brazil&#x27;s open finance network for **credit card transactions**. | 
**balance** | **float** | **Note:** This field is not applicable for OF Brazil and will return null. | 
**currency** | **string** | The three-letter currency code (ISO-4217). | 
**description** | **string** | The description of transaction provided by the institution. Usually this is the text that the end user sees in the online platform.  &gt; **Non-nullable:** A value must be returned by Brazil&#x27;s open finance network. | 
**observations** | **string** | **Note:** This field is not applicable for OF Brazil and will return null. | 
**merchant** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\TransactionMerchant**](TransactionMerchant.md) |  | 
**category** | **string** | The name of the transaction category.  &gt; **Get transaction categorization** With [Transaction categorization](https://developers.belvo.com/docs/banking#categorizing-transactions), we clean and categorize transactions for you, turning raw data into actionable insights. To enable this feature, just [reach out](https://belvo.com/contact/?utm_source&#x3D;documentation) to us, and we&#x27;ll get right to it.  We return one of the following enum values:    - &#x60;Bills &amp; Utilities&#x60;   - &#x60;Credits &amp; Loans&#x60;   - &#x60;Deposits&#x60;   - &#x60;Fees &amp; Charges&#x60;   - &#x60;Food &amp; Groceries&#x60;   - &#x60;Home &amp; Life&#x60;   - &#x60;Income &amp; Payments&#x60;   - &#x60;Insurance&#x60;   - &#x60;Investments &amp; Savings&#x60;   - &#x60;Online Platforms &amp; Leisure&#x60;   - &#x60;Personal Shopping&#x60;   - &#x60;Taxes&#x60;   - &#x60;Transfers&#x60;   - &#x60;Transport &amp; Travel&#x60;   - &#x60;Unknown&#x60;*   - &#x60;Withdrawal &amp; ATM&#x60;   - &#x60;null&#x60;     \\* For clients not using our Transaction Categorization product, we return &#x60;null&#x60; instead. | 
**subcategory** | **string** | The transaction subcategory.    &gt; **Get transaction categorization**   For clients not using our [Transaction categorization](https://developers.belvo.com/docs/banking#categorizing-transactions), we return &#x60;null&#x60; instead. To enable this feature, just [reach out](https://belvo.com/contact/?utm_source&#x3D;documentation) to us, and we&#x27;ll get right to it.   We return one of the following enum values:    - &#x60;Electricity &amp; Energy&#x60;   - &#x60;Rent&#x60;   - &#x60;Telecommunications&#x60;   - &#x60;Water&#x60;   - &#x60;Auto&#x60;   - &#x60;Credit Card&#x60;   - &#x60;Instalment&#x60;   - &#x60;Interest &amp; Charges&#x60;   - &#x60;Mortgage&#x60;   - &#x60;Pay Advance&#x60;   - &#x60;Personal&#x60;   - &#x60;Adjustments&#x60;   - &#x60;Bank Fees&#x60;   - &#x60;Chargeback&#x60;   - &#x60;Refund&#x60;   - &#x60;Blocked Balances&#x60;   - &#x60;Alimony&#x60;   - &#x60;Alcohol &amp; Tobacco&#x60;   - &#x60;Bakery &amp; Coffee&#x60;   - &#x60;Bars &amp; Nightclubs&#x60;   - &#x60;Convenience Store&#x60;   - &#x60;Delivery&#x60;   - &#x60;Groceries&#x60;   - &#x60;Restaurants&#x60;   - &#x60;Education&#x60;   - &#x60;Gyms &amp; Fitness&#x60;   - &#x60;Hair &amp; Beauty&#x60;   - &#x60;Health&#x60;   - &#x60;Home Decor &amp; Appliances&#x60;   - &#x60;Laundry &amp; Dry Cleaning&#x60;   - &#x60;Pharmacies&#x60;   - &#x60;Professional Services&#x60;   - &#x60;Veterinary Services&#x60;   - &#x60;Freelance&#x60;   - &#x60;Interest&#x60;   - &#x60;Retirement&#x60;   - &#x60;Salary&#x60;   - &#x60;Government&#x60;   - &#x60;Home Insurance&#x60;   - &#x60;Auto Insurance&#x60;   - &#x60;Health &amp; Life Insurance&#x60;   - &#x60;Savings&#x60;   - &#x60;Fixed income&#x60;   - &#x60;Equity&#x60;   - &#x60;Investment Funds&#x60;   - &#x60;Derivatives&#x60;   - &#x60;Cryptocurrencies&#x60;   - &#x60;Apps, Software and Cloud Services&#x60;   - &#x60;Events, Parks and Museums&#x60;   - &#x60;Gambling&#x60;   - &#x60;Gaming&#x60;   - &#x60;Lottery&#x60;   - &#x60;Movie &amp; Audio&#x60;   - &#x60;Books &amp; News&#x60;   - &#x60;Clothing &amp; Accessories&#x60;   - &#x60;Department Store&#x60;   - &#x60;Electronics&#x60;   - &#x60;E-commerce&#x60;   - &#x60;Gifts&#x60;   - &#x60;Office Supplies&#x60;   - &#x60;Pet Supplies&#x60;   - &#x60;Auto Tax &amp; Fees&#x60;   - &#x60;Donation&#x60;   - &#x60;Government Fees&#x60;   - &#x60;Income Tax&#x60;   - &#x60;Real Estate Tax &amp; Fees&#x60;   - &#x60;Tax Return&#x60;   - &#x60;Accommodation&#x60;   - &#x60;Auto Expenses&#x60;   - &#x60;Auto Rental&#x60;   - &#x60;Flights&#x60;   - &#x60;Gas&#x60;   - &#x60;Mileage Programs&#x60;   - &#x60;Parking &amp; Tolls&#x60;   - &#x60;Public Transit&#x60;   - &#x60;Taxis &amp; Rideshares&#x60;   - &#x60;Other&#x60;   - &#x60;null&#x60; | 
**reference** | **string** | **Note:** This field is not applicable for OF Brazil and will return null. | 
**type** | **string** | The direction of the transaction: - &#x60;INFLOW&#x60; indicates money coming into the account. - &#x60;OUTFLOW&#x60; indicates money going out of the account. - &#x60;null&#x60; when no information was present regarding the direction of the transaction. | 
**status** | **string** | The status of the transaction. We return one of the following values:    - &#x60;PROCESSED&#x60; (The transaction has been processed by the institution.)   - &#x60;PENDING&#x60; (The institution clearly states that the transaction has not yet been processed.)   - &#x60;UNCATEGORIZED&#x60; (deprecated)   - &#x60;null&#x60; (deprecated) | 
**credit_card_data** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\TransactionOpenFinanceBrazilCreditCardData**](TransactionOpenFinanceBrazilCreditCardData.md) |  | 
**counterparty** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\TransactionOpenFinanceBrazilCounterparty**](TransactionOpenFinanceBrazilCounterparty.md) |  | 
**loan_data** | [**\Swagger\Client\Model\TransactionOpenFinanceBrazilLoanData**](TransactionOpenFinanceBrazilLoanData.md) |  | 
**payment_type** | **string** | The transaction payment type. We return one of the following values:    - &#x60;FULL&#x60;   - &#x60;INSTALLMENT&#x60;   - &#x60;null&#x60; | 
**operation_type** | **string** | The type of transaction. For example, a PIX payment or a deposit.  &gt; **Non-nullable:** A value must be returned by Brazil&#x27;s open finance network for **non-loan account transactions**. | 
**operation_type_additional_info** | **string** | Additional information regarding the &#x60;operation_type&#x60;, if applicable. | 
**mcc** | **int** | The four-digit (ISO-18245 compliant) Merchant Category Code (MCC) for the transaction. This field is only applicable for credit card transactions. | 

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

